This test suite includes test cases for bugs reported in tickets. The following 
directories are important for adding tests here:

 - queries  - files containing queries to be tested. Each file should contain 
              one query. The files should be specifically named, as the test 
              execution and reporting depends on this:
              
                NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT
              
              where NNN is a test case sequence number, TTT is ticket number.
              EXT indicates the type of the query, and right now can be one of
              
               * rasql
               * wcps (abstract syntax)
               * wcs (KVP URLs)
               * secore (KVP URLs)
               
              Additional bash script can accompany each test case, for any
              extra steps that need to be done before/after running the test
              case, like importing/removing testdata, or for custom check of
              results. The bash scripts should be named:
              
               * NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT.pre.sh (run before the test)
               * NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT.post.sh (run after the test)
               * NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT.check.sh (custom output check)
                
 - oracle   - expected data for testcases, name should be same as the name of
              the corresponding test case, with .oracle appended:
              
                NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT.oracle
                
 - testdata - any data used by the tests.
              Testdata from rasql tests (test_grey, test_grey2, test_rgb2)
              and petascope tests (mr, rgb, eobstest) is automatically
              inserted and available in the tests.
 
To run the tests execute test.sh. The test script always returns 0 (successfull
execution), while the summary says that a test is either PASSED if the result
is as expected, or SKIPPED if it failed (ticket still not fixed).

Once a ticket has been fixed and a tests passes, the query in queries should be
renamed to

  NNN-TTT_test-case-name.EXT.fixed

When a query is marked as fixed in this way, the test suite behaves as regular
test suite, i.e. when the test fails the test script exits with an error.
